Add NAP v5.9.0 version info (#1189)
nginx/documentation: content/nim/nginx-app-protect/setup-waf-config-management.md

{{</bootstrap-table>}}

{{< call-out "note" >}}

> Until recently, packages designed for installation on virtual machines were released as 4.x.x versions (NAP 4.15.0, NAP 4.16.0, etc.), while packages meant for installation on containers were provided as 5.x.x versions (NAP 5.7.0, NAP 5.8.0, etc.). Beginning with v5.9.0, both the installation packages for virtual machines and those for containers will be categorized under the 5.x.x tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until recently, packages designed for installation on virtual machines were released as 4.x.x versions (NAP 4.15.0, NAP 4.16.0, etc.), while packages meant for installation on containers were provided as 5.x.x versions (NAP 5.7.0, NAP 5.8.0, and so on.). Beginning with v5.9.0, both the installation packages for virtual machines and those for containers will be categorized under the 5.x.x tag.
```

I think "Until recently" adds a layer of having to update this doc in the future, as recent is a relative term.

I would specify a version "Until vXYZ" or a date "Until September 2025"

> Until recently, packages designed for installation on virtual machines were released as 4.x.x versions (NAP 4.15.0, NAP 4.16.0, etc.), while packages meant for installation on containers were provided as 5.x.x versions (NAP 5.7.0, NAP 5.8.0, and so on.). Beginning with v5.9.0, both the installation packages for virtual machines and those for containers will be categorized under the 5.x.x tag.

Reviewer 2: To restate @JTorreG 's question: when was "recently"? 

If I understand the context correctly, I suggest:

```suggestion
Beginning with v5.9.0, both the installation packages for virtual machines and those for containers are categorized under the 5.x.x tag. For previous releases, packages designed for installation on virtual machines were released as 4.x.x versions (NAP 4.15.0, NAP 4.16.0, etc.), while packages meant for installation on containers were provided as 5.x.x versions (NAP 5.7.0, NAP 5.8.0, and so on.). 
```

> Beginning with v5.9.0, both the installation packages for virtual machines and those for containers are categorized under the 5.x.x tag. For previous releases, packages designed for installation on virtual machines were released as 4.x.x versions (NAP 4.15.0, NAP 4.16.0, etc.), while packages meant for installation on containers were provided as 5.x.x versions (NAP 5.7.0, NAP 5.8.0, and so on.). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with v5.9.0, both the installation packages for virtual machines and those for containers are categorized under the 5.x.x tag. For previous releases, packages designed for installation on virtual machines were released as 4.x.x versions (NAP 4.15.0, NAP 4.16.0, and so on.), while packages meant for installation on containers were provided as 5.x.x versions (NAP 5.7.0, NAP 5.8.0, and so on.). 
```

Reviewer: missed an `etc` earlier
